feat: added support for custom request config (#1461)
meilisearch/meilisearch-js: README.md

controller.abort()
```

### Using Meilisearch behind a proxy <!-- omit in toc -->

> #### Custom request config <!-- omit in toc -->

Reviewer: In both `Custom request config` and `Custom http client` can you change the indentation to 2 spaces. Some are 4 spaces and some are missing indentation..

> You can customize the request generated ex: add headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide a custom request configuration. for example, with custom headers.
```

```ts
const client: MeiliSearch = new MeiliSearch({

>     host: 'http://localhost:3000/api/meilisearch/proxy',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    host: 'http://localhost:7070/api/meilisearch/proxy',
```

as per the port we used in the other examples

Author: usually the proxy wouldn't be on the same port that's the whole idea

    requestConfig: {
        headers: {

>             Authorization: AUTH_TOKEN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Authorization: `Bearer ${AUTH_TOKEN}`
```

WDYT ?

Author: doesn't have to be a bearer token really this should be custom per user needs as it's just an example

        },
        // OR
        credentials: 'include'
    }
})
```

#### Custom http client <!-- omit in toc -->

> You can use your own http client ex: axios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use your own HTTP client, for example, with [`axios`](https://github.com/axios/axios).
```

```ts
const client: MeiliSearch = new MeiliSearch({

>     host: 'http://localhost:3000/api/meilisearch/proxy',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    host: 'http://localhost:7700/api/meilisearch/proxy',
```
